There is given an integer array A of size N denoting the heights of N trees. Lumberjack Ojas needs to chop down B metres of wood. It is an easy job for him since he has a nifty new woodcutting machine that can take down forests like wildfire. However, Ojas is only allowed to cut a single row of trees. Ojas's machine works as follows: Ojas sets a height parameter H (in metres), and the machine raises a giant sawblade to that height and cuts off all tree parts higher than H (of course, trees not higher than H meters remain intact). Ojas then takes the parts that were cut off. For example, if the tree row contains trees with heights of 20, 15, 10, and 17 metres, and Ojas raises his sawblade to 15 metres, the remaining tree heights after cutting will be 15, 15, 10, and 15 metres, respectively, while Ojas will take 5 metres off the first tree and 2 metres off the fourth tree (7 metres of wood in total). Ojas is ecologically minded, so he doesn't want to cut off more wood than necessary. That's why he wants to set his sawblade as high as possible. Help Ojas find the maximum integer height of the sawblade that still allows him to cut off at least B metres of wood.

Given a sorted array of integers A(0 based index) of size N, find the starting and ending position of a given integar B in array A. Your algorithm’s runtime complexity must be in the order of O(log n). Return an array of size 2, such that first element = starting position of B in A and second element = ending position of B in A, if B is not found in A return [-1, -1].

Given a matrix of integers A of size N x M and an integer B. Write an efficient algorithm that searches for integar B in matrix A. This matrix A has the following properties: 1. Integers in each row are sorted from left to right. 2. The first integer of each row is greater than or equal to the last integer of the previous row. Return 1 if B is present in A, else return 0.

Given an array of integers A of size N and an integer B. College library has N bags,the ith book has A[i] number of pages. You have to allocate books to B number of students so that maximum number of pages alloted to a student is minimum. A book will be allocated to exactly one student. Each student has to be allocated at least one book. Allotment should be in contiguous order for example: A student cannot be allocated book 1 and book 3, skipping book 2. Calculate and return that minimum possible number.

Given an array of integers A of size N and an integer B. array A is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand. (i.e., 0 1 2 4 5 6 7 might become 4 5 6 7 0 1 2 ). You are given a target value B to search. If found in the array, return its index, otherwise return -1. You may assume no duplicate exists in the array.

There are many people who believe that the earth is flat and NASA is a scam. They call themselves Flat Earthers. They were already worried that the 6 feet social distancing rule might push some people out of the earth. Now, they decided to think about a new issue. Since the earth is flat ( or so they think), let's imagine it as an infinite 2D grid. They have the coordinates of certain points which are orange zones and have some COVID-19 cases reported. Now each day the orange zones become more fatal. After d days, all the locations within a euclidean distance of d of a particular orange zone can be affected by this zone. They know N orange zones, each of whose coordinates are given by (A[i][0], A[i][1]). Now, a location is considered a red zone if it is affected by at least B orange zones. You need to find the first day at which the first red zone is reported.