N light bulbs are connected by a wire.
Each bulb has a switch associated with it, however due to faulty wiring, a switch also changes the state of all the bulbs to the right of current bulb.
Given an initial state of all bulbs, find the minimum number of switches you have to press to turn on all the bulbs.
You can press the same switch multiple times.

N light bulbs are connected by a wire.
Each bulb has a switch associated with it, however due to faulty wiring, a switch also changes the state of all the bulbs to the right of current bulb.
Given an initial state of all bulbs, find the minimum number of switches you have to press to turn on all the bulbs.
You can press the same switch multiple times.

Given an integer array A of size N consisting of unique integers from 1 to N. You can swap any two integers atmost B times.
Return the largest lexicographical value array that can be created by executing atmost B swaps.

There are N children standing in a line. Each child is assigned a rating value.
You are giving candies to these children subjected to the following requirements
1. Each child must have at least one candy.
2. Children with a higher rating get more candies than their neighbors.

There is a row of seats. Assume that it contains N seats adjacent to each other. There is a group of people who are already seated in that row randomly. i.e. some are sitting together & some are scattered.
An occupied seat is marked with a character 'x' and an unoccupied seat is marked with a dot ('.')
Now your target is to make the whole group sit together i.e. next to each other, without having any vacant seat between them in such a way that the total number of hops or jumps to move them should be minimum.
Return minimum value % MOD where MOD = 10000003

There are N Mice and N holes that are placed in a straight line. Each hole can accomodate only 1 mouse.
The positions of Mice are denoted by array A and the position of holes are denoted by array B.
A mouse can stay at his position, move one step right from x to x + 1, or move one step left from x to x − 1. Any of these moves consumes 1 minute.
Assign mice to holes so that the time when the last mouse gets inside a hole is minimized.

Given two integer arrays A and B of size N.
There are N gas stations along a circular route, where the amount of gas at station i is A[i].
You have a car with an unlimited gas tank and it costs B[i] of gas to travel from station i 
to its next station (i+1). You begin the journey with an empty tank at one of the gas stations.
Return the minimum starting gas station’s index if you can travel around the circuit once, otherwise return -1.
You can only travel in one direction. i to i+1, i+2, … n-1, 0, 1, 2.. Completing the circuit means starting at i and 
ending up at i again.
