In 2016, Congress passed a law that intended to improve transportation in rural areas, relying on the Department of Transportation to figure out the mode of transportation was strongest. Senator Tahani Al-Jamil has heard that the Department of Transportation is planning to institute a regulation requiring state governments to give every person living in a rural area a brand-new car, which was not the intent of the law. However, she’s not sure if this is gossip or an actual plan.

“The Second Amendment was adopted to protect the right of the people of each of the several States to maintain a well-regulated militia. It was a response to concerns raised during the ratification of the Constitution that the power of Congress to disarm the state militias and create a national standing army posed an intolerable threat to the sovereignty of the several States. Neither the text of the Amendment nor the arguments advanced by its proponents evidenced the slightest interest in limiting any legislature’s authority to regulate private civilian uses of firearms. Specifically, there is no indication that the Framers of the Amendment intended to enshrine the common-law right of self-defense in the Constitution.”
“Because of our two-party system, voters often find themselves voting for the ‘lesser of two evils,’ rather than a candidate they really feel would do the best job. . . .
"Since most states distribute their electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, the smaller party has no chance to gain support without seeming to take this support from one of the major parties. Few people will support a party that never wins, especially when they are supporting that party at the possible expense of their least favorite candidate taking power.”
". . . without debate, without criticism, no administration and no country can succeed—and no republic can survive . . . that is why our press was protected by the First Amendment--the only business in America specifically protected by the Constitution . . . ”
"When the Articles of Confederation were drafted, Americans had little experience of what a national government could do for them and bitter experience of what an arbitrary government could do to them. In creating a central government they were therefore more concerned with keeping it under control than with giving it the means to do its job."
“The character of every act depends upon the circumstances in which it is done. The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic.”
“9/11 significantly increased political participation of the affected populations . . . Families and neighbors became more involved in politicized activities, including the selection of party nominees and in providing financial support to favored candidates . . . Finally, although families, and to a lesser extent neighbors, became more involved in their own parties’ activities, there was an average shift in allegiance to the Republican Party.”
“The Constitution abhors classifications based on race, not only because those classifications can harm favored races or are based on illegitimate motives, but also because every time the government places citizens on racial registers and makes race relevant to the provision of burdens or benefits, it demeans us all. . . . Undoubtedly there are other ways to ‘better’ the education of law students aside from ensuring that the student body contains a ‘critical mass’ of underrepresented minority students.
“The defeat of Robert Bork’s 1987 Supreme Court nomination was a watershed event that unleashed what Stephen Carter has called ‘the confirmation mess.’ There was no question that Bork was a highly qualified nominee. He was rejected not because of any lack of qualification, or any impropriety, but because of his stated judicial philosophy: how he would vote as a judge.”
“[I]t has already been incontrovertibly shown that on the present occasion a bill of rights was totally unnecessary, and that it might be accompanied with some inconveniency and danger if there was any defect in the attempt to enumerate the privileges of the people. This system proposes a union of thirteen sovereign and independent states in order to give dignity and energy to the transaction of their common concerns. It would be idle, therefore to countenance the idea that any other powers were delegated to the general government than those specified in the Constitution itself.”
“Thus every man, by agreeing with others to make one body politic under one government, puts himself under an obligation to everyone in that society to submit to the decisions of the majority, and to be bound by it. Otherwise—that is, if he were willing to submit himself only to the majority acts that he approved of—the original compact through which he and the others incorporated into society would be meaningless . . .”

In 1895, the Supreme Court heard a case about the Income Tax Act of 1894. The Court held that the act was unconstitutional and the federal government did not have the power to tax personal income.
Senator Leslie Knope plans to vote in favor of two major bills. The first bill is about buying some land in Indiana and turning it into a national park. The second bill will ban any fast food restaurant from serving a 128-ounce soft drink. 21,000 constituents have called her asking her to vote against the second bill, but no constituents have called her about the national park bill. Senator Knope decides to vote in favor of the first bill, but listens to her constituents and votes against the second bill.
The presidential election of 1968 was conducted against a backdrop of assassinations, race riots, widespread demonstrations against the Vietnam war, and violent confrontations between police and anti-war protesters at the Democratic National Convention.
It also included a strong third party effort by former Alabama Governor George Wallace, a pro-segregation Democrat running as independent. The election outcome was a victory for GOP candidate Richard Nixon, with Wallace receiving 46 electoral votes from southern states.
The House Committee on Veterans Affairs, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the VFW (Veterans of Foreign Wars) work together to achieve policies that benefit veterans.
“Who can say that the legislature of Alabama which set up that state's segregation laws was democratically elected? Throughout Alabama all sorts of devious methods are used to prevent Negroes from becoming registered voters, and there are some counties in which, even though Negroes constitute a majority of the population, not a single Negro is registered. Can any law enacted under such circumstances be considered democratically structured?”

In 1988 and 1989, the Pennsylvania legislature amended its abortion control law. The changes included requiring a 24 hour waiting period for the procedure and that a married woman must notify her husband that she intends to have an abortion. In a 5-4 ruling, the Court upheld most of the Pennsylvania laws because they did not create a “substantial obstacle” to a woman seeking an abortion. This became known as the undue-burden test.
“This week, we have twice seen Supreme Court Justices violating their judicial oaths. Yesterday, the Justices re-wrote Obamacare, yet again, in order to force this failed law on the American people. Today, the Court doubled down with a 5-4 opinion that undermines not just the definition of marriage, but the very foundations of our representative form of government. . . . That is unacceptable. On the substantive front, I have already introduced a constitutional amendment to preserve the authority of elected state legislatures to define marriage as the union of one man and one woman, and also legislation stripping the federal courts of jurisdiction over legal assaults on marriage.”
“There are other good things of less moment. I will now add what I do not like [about the Constitution]. First the omission of a bill of rights providing clearly & without the aid of sophisms for freedom of religion, freedom of the press, protection against standing armies, restriction against monopolies, the eternal & unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws, and trials by jury in all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land & not by the law of Nations. . . . Let me add that a bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth, general or particular, & what no just government should refuse or rest on inference.”
Anthony is concerned by his state government’s efforts to decrease regulations on pesticides that could hurt the bee population. He decides to join the League of Conservation Voters to help them lobby against deregulating pesticides.
“Universities cannot establish quotas for members of certain racial or ethnic groups or put them on separate admissions tracks. The Law School's admissions program . . . satisfies these requirements. Moreover, the program is flexible enough to ensure that each applicant is evaluated as an individual and not in a way that makes race or ethnicity the defining feature of the application. The Law School engages in a highly individualized, holistic review of each applicant's file, giving serious consideration to all the ways an applicant might contribute to a diverse educational environment.”

Congress passed a law that tasked the Department of Homeland Security with developing an emergency communication system to alert residents. The department has defined emergency communications as information important to most citizens. Under that definition, the head of Homeland Security has used the system to send out spoilers for the tv show, Derry Girls.
“As long as the reason of man continues fallible, and he is at liberty to exercise it, different opinions will be formed . . . The diversity in the faculties of men, from which the rights of property originate, is not less an insuperable obstacle to a uniformity of interests. The protection of these faculties is the first object of government. From the protection of different and unequal faculties of acquiring property, the possession of different degrees and kinds of property immediately results; and from the influence of these on the sentiments and views of the respective proprietors, ensues a division of the society into different interests and parties.”
A president issues an executive order banning newspapers from printing articles critical of the US government. The Supreme Court declares the executive order unconstitutional because it violates the First Amendment right to freedom of the press.
“As we consider whether to reauthorize parts of the PATRIOT Act, we must take stock of where we are today. It is no secret that NSA collects vast sums of information and at one point or another has collected information on virtually every person in this country who uses a telephone. That is no great secret. Since June 2013, we have learned that the NSA collects phone call metadata, including the numbers of both parties, location, time, and duration. They collect text messages, email chat, and Internet browsing history; smart phone app data, including Google Maps, which can pinpoint a person's location to within a few yards. They collect maps of people's social networks, bank and credit card transactions. This is just the tip of the iceberg. There is undoubtedly much more being done that we simply don't know anything about.”
“The collection of telephone metadata in bulk facilitates our mapping of terrorist networks and our ability to disrupt terrorist plots. Contrary to the wild fantasies that critics frequently spout, this collection does not meaningfully intrude on our privacy. It does not involve the NSA listening in on anyone's calls. It is simply a very important means of finding a proverbial needle in a haystack. We should reauthorize this authority without delay.”
"Our Debts being unfunded and unprovided for, the Interest cannot be paid. Those therefore who trusted us in the Hour of Distress are defrauded. To expect that under such Circumstances others will confide in the Government would be Folly, and to expect that Foreigners will Trust a Government which has no Credit with its own Citizens must be madness . . .
"The United States have call’d for eight Million of Dollars early in November last, of which the first quarterly Payment was to have been made on the first Day of April next. But I cannot find that a single State has laid the Taxes."

In 1972, Congress passed the Clean Water Act, which regulates the amount of pollutants there can be in waters of the United States and the quality standards for surface waters.
“That unity is conducive to energy will not be disputed. Decision, activity, secrecy, and despatch will generally characterize the proceedings of one man in a much more eminent degree than the proceedings of any greater number; and in proportion as the number is increased, these qualities will be diminished . . .”
In 1984, Congress passed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984, stipulating that states must have a minimum drinking age of 21 in order to receive federal highway funding.
Teddy Flood lives in Texas and is voting in the 2018 election. When he gets to the ballot box, he decides to do straight-ticket voting, in which he checks one box to cast a ballot for every candidate from the Democratic party.
“In revising the federal system we ought to inquire 1. into the properties, which such a government ought to possess, 2. the defects of the confederation, 3. the danger of our situation & 4. the remedy.The Character of such a government ought to secure 1. against foreign invasion, 2. against dissensions between members of the Union, or seditions in particular States, 3. to procure to the several States various blessings, of which an isolated situation was incapable, 4. to be able to defend itself against encroachment, & 5. to be paramount to the state constitutions.”

“As long as the reason of man continues fallible, and he is at liberty to exercise it, different opinions will be formed . . . The diversity in the faculties of men, from which the rights of property originate, is not less an insuperable obstacle to a uniformity of interests. The protection of these faculties is the first object of government. From the protection of different and unequal faculties of acquiring property, the possession of different degrees and kinds of property immediately results; and from the influence of these on the sentiments and views of the respective proprietors, ensues a division of the society into different interests and parties.”
“So if a law be in opposition to the constitution; if both the law and the constitution apply to a particular case, so that the court must either decide that case conformably to the law, disregarding the constitution; or conformably to the constitution, disregarding the law; the court must determine which of these conflicting rules governs the case. This is of the very essence of judicial duty.
In Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenberg County Schools (1971), the Supreme Court held that schools could assign students to schools outside of their district to achieve racial balances.
“Who can say that the legislature of Alabama which set up that state's segregation laws was democratically elected? Throughout Alabama all sorts of devious methods are used to prevent Negroes from becoming registered voters, and there are some counties in which, even though Negroes constitute a majority of the population, not a single Negro is registered. Can any law enacted under such circumstances be considered democratically structured?”
“As is now well known, political parties in recent years have built databases to facilitate targeting strategies. These databases list the names and contact information for all voters in a district, along with information about their personal traits, their neighborhoods, and their history of political participation. Politicians and their campaigns use these lists to perceive the electorate. The lists help them understand who their supporters are, what issues different voters care about, and how they should present themselves to voters in their campaign appeals. This large-scale collection of data influences how politicians perceive voters, and in turn, it affects how they interact with voters.”
“In a pure democracy the people are the sovereign, and their will is declared by themselves; for this purpose they must all come together to deliberate, and decide. This kind of government cannot be exercised, therefore, over a country of any considerable extent; it must be confined to a single city, or at least limited to such bounds as that the people can conveniently assemble, be able to debate, understand the subject submitted to them, and declare their opinion concerning it.”
"Our Debts being unfunded and unprovided for, the Interest cannot be paid. Those therefore who trusted us in the Hour of Distress are defrauded. To expect that under such Circumstances others will confide in the Government would be Folly, and to expect that Foreigners will Trust a Government which has no Credit with its own Citizens must be madness . . .
"The United States have call’d for eight Million of Dollars early in November last, of which the first quarterly Payment was to have been made on the first Day of April next. But I cannot find that a single State has laid the Taxes."
“In … [certain] cases, immunities that are valid as against the federal government by force of the specific pledges of particular amendments have been found to be implicit in the concept of ordered liberty, and thus, through the Fourteenth Amendment, become valid as against the states."

The National Recovery Act of 1933, enacted by Franklin Roosevelt’s administration to combat the Great Depression, vastly expanded the power of the federal government to regulate wages and labor standards.
In 2015, President Obama signed the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) into law. The Department of Education was in charge of implementing the law.
“Lifetime appointments and the new, highly ideological stakes provided senators ample incentives to use holds and silent filibusters to prevent a majority of their colleagues from acting on judicial nominations, both to block those with different ideologies and to keep slots vacant until the presidency moves into their party’s hands. Along the way, judicial confirmations have become increasingly politicized, and delays in confirming appellate judges have led to increased vacancy rates that have produced longer case-processing times and growing caseloads per judge on federal dockets.”
In 1961, students who attended public schools in Pennsylvania were required to read at least ten verses from the Bible. After students finished reading the readings, school officials required that all students recite the Lord’s Prayer. In 1963, the Supreme Court heard the case and ruled that the readings and recitations violated a provision of the First Amendment.

Before the Nineteenth Amendment to the US Constitution granted women the right to vote nationwide, 13 states allowed women the right to vote in their state elections.
To protect young children from obscene content, Congress passed a law giving the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) the authority to make rules limiting what television networks can broadcast. In response, the FCC makes a rule that television networks can only broadcast shows safe for people of all ages, fining any network that shows programs made for mature audiences. The National Association of Broadcasters sued the FCC Chairman, and the case makes its way to the Supreme Court.
Which of the following policies is likely to create the most tension between the competing values of equality of opportunity and free enterprise?
Two groups are attempting to influence whether a gambling bill makes it through Congress. One group representing online poker champions opposed, while the other group representing the major sports leagues like the National Basketball Association and the National Football League supported the bill.
“An unjust law is a code that a majority inflicts on a minority that is not binding on itself. This is difference made legal. On the other hand, a just law is a code that a majority compels a minority to follow, and that it is willing to follow itself. This is sameness made legal.”
Which of these statements best explains why the Voting Rights Act of 1965 has been important to expanding political participation in the United States?
“The mystique of inside information—”if you only knew what we know”—was a most effective way to defend the national-security monopoly and prevent democratic control of foreign policy . . .
The power to leak meant the power to tell the people what it served the government’s purpose that they should know . . .
The power to withhold and the power to leak led on inexorably to the power to lie. The secrecy system instilled in the executive branch the idea that foreign policy was no one’s business save its own, and the uncontrolled secrecy made it easy for lying to become routine.”
In Supreme Court cases that consider the balance of power between the government's protection of the public and ensuring the rights of individuals as related to the Second Amendment, how has the Court usually ruled?
Anthony is concerned by his state government’s efforts to decrease regulations on pesticides that could hurt the bee population. He decides to join the League of Conservation Voters to help them lobby against deregulating pesticides.
“Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes.”
On a political survey, Patrick Yang reveals that he rarely votes, because he does not believe the federal government listens to or responds to his needs, nor does he think the average citizen has much influence over political affairs.

In 1972, the federal government established the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC). Recipients of aid must be women who are pregnant or breastfeeding or children under the age of 5 whose family income falls below 185% of the federal poverty line.
In 1971, President Nixon signed the Federal Election Campaign Act (FECA) into law. It required candidates for federal office to disclose who contributed to their campaigns and how much. Congress put the Federal Election Commission in charge of implementing the law.
Which term accurately describes the presidential electoral change brought about by the permanent switch of many conservative white southerners from the Democratic party to the Republican party in the mid 1960s?
On Election Day, radio news network Guam Live is trying to project the result of the presidential election. They send pollsters to 350 voting places throughout the United States to survey people after they have voted.
"In a single republic, all the power surrendered by the people is submitted to the administration of a single government; and the usurpations are guarded against by a division of the government into distinct and separate departments. In the compound republic of America, the power surrendered by the people is first divided between two distinct governments, and then the portion allotted to each subdivided among distinct and separate departments. Hence a double security arises to the rights of the people. The different governments will control each other, at the same time that each will be controlled by itself."
“There are other good things of less moment. I will now add what I do not like [about the Constitution]. First the omission of a bill of rights providing clearly & without the aid of sophisms for freedom of religion, freedom of the press, protection against standing armies, restriction against monopolies, the eternal & unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws, and trials by jury in all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land & not by the law of Nations. . . . Let me add that a bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth, general or particular, & what no just government should refuse or rest on inference.”
Junior Congress member Ben Wyatt is deciding whether or not to support a bill that would guarantee free wifi for his district in Pawnee, Indiana. He thinks that free wifi would be a great improvement to his community, but waits for feedback from his constituents before he casts his vote. A majority of citizens in Pawnee support the bill, so Congress member Wyatt decides to vote in favor of it.
“As this Court’s cases have made clear, however, the compelling interest that justifies consideration of race in college admissions is not an interest in enrolling a certain number of minority students. Rather, a university may institute a race-conscious admissions program as a means of obtaining ‘the educational benefits that flow from student body diversity’. . . . “Increasing minority enrollment may be instrumental to these educational benefits, but it is not, as petitioner seems to suggest, a goal that can or should be reduced to pure numbers.”
“[T]he attending physician, in consultation with his patient, is free to determine, without regulation by the state, that, in his medical judgment, the patient’s pregnancy should be terminated. If that decision is reached, the judgment may be effectuated by an abortion free of interference by the State.”
“Amid this much-changed communication landscape, the lingering question of whether the untapped wisdom of the public should be harnessed in governmental decisions suddenly commanded a fresh look, as social media increased the capability of governments worldwide to more fully involve ordinary citizens in policymaking.”
“Given the increasing difference in size between the largest and smallest states, combined with other changes in the American political context[,] any effects of Senate apportionment are greater today than in the past. By reference to the one person, one vote standard, the Senate is the most malapportioned legislature in the world . . . Currently Wyoming, with fewer than half a million residents, enjoys the same level of representation as California, with more than 30 million.”
“Simplifying our tax code will help the middle class because it will make it easier for small businesses to hire and grow. And we agree with the President that we should lower our corporate tax rate, which is one of the highest in the world, so that companies will start bringing their money and their jobs back here from overseas.”
The city of Metropolis places cameras on major intersections to take pictures of license plates. However, the pictures capture more than license plates, sometimes capturing the faces of people involved in protest activity.
In 1974, Congress created a program that grants money to state and local governments to help revitalize low-income communities. State and local governments can decide how best to use their money and used it to rebuild streets, fund libraries, and fix drinking water systems.
In 1961, the Supreme Court heard a case in which the police entered into a residence without a warrant looking for a suspect thought to be hiding in the house. While searching for the suspect, the police found illegal pornographic material. The police arrested the homeowner and she was convicted of possessing pornography. The Court decided to throw out the conviction because the police did not have a search warrant.
In the 1960s, Connecticut had a law prohibiting counselors from providing advice to married couples on how to prevent pregnancy. The Executive Director of the Planned Parenthood League of Connecticut disobeyed this law and was arrested. In 1965, the Supreme Court heard the case and ruled that protections in the Bill of Rights implies that people have a right to privacy.
“9/11 significantly increased political participation of the affected populations . . . Families and neighbors became more involved in politicized activities, including the selection of party nominees and in providing financial support to favored candidates . . . Finally, although families, and to a lesser extent neighbors, became more involved in their own parties’ activities, there was an average shift in allegiance to the Republican Party.”
Members of the National Organization for Women (NOW) protest a congressional bill that eliminates protections for pregnant workers. After the bill passes, they form a letter-writing campaign hoping to influence the president to veto the bill.

“Both Lincoln and Roosevelt undertook acts they knew to be beyond the Constitution. Both did so in times of transcendent crisis when the life of the nation seemed truly at stake. Both acted, knowingly or not, on Locke’s doctrine of emergency prerogative, trusting that Congress would eventually approve their actions.”
Two groups are attempting to influence policy. One group represents the interests of a major shipping company. The other group represents the workers responsible for shipping the product.
“In revising the federal system we ought to inquire 1. into the properties, which such a government ought to possess, 2. the defects of the confederation, 3. the danger of our situation & 4. the remedy.The Character of such a government ought to secure 1. against foreign invasion, 2. against dissensions between members of the Union, or seditions in particular States, 3. to procure to the several States various blessings, of which an isolated situation was incapable, 4. to be able to defend itself against encroachment, & 5. to be paramount to the state constitutions.”
MediaQuant is a firm that tracks media coverage for each candidate and assigns a dollar value to it based on advertising rates. It evaluated the 2016 presidential campaign and concluded that Donald Trump received $4.96 billion in free media coverage, 60% of which came from the internet, including online news, blogs, forums, and social media.
“In addition to educating the country, [President Barack Obama’s] goal is to frame the political debate and set an agenda that the next Democratic presidential nominee can run on next year—an agenda that Obama hopes will put opposition Republicans at a big disadvantage.
Count the Votes, a website that focuses on opinion poll analysis, conducts a poll every day for four years to determine how popular the sitting president is with likely or registered voters.

Every year, the Seafair Air Show performance takes place in Lake Washington in Seattle, Washington. To protect guests who are attending the festival, Congress passed a law designating the area a safety zone. In response, the Department of Homeland Security created a regulation requiring the Coast Guard to enforce the boundaries of the safety zone from 8 am to 4 pm.
The National Rifle Association (NRA) testifies in front of Congress to advocate for several laws, including one that would protect gun manufacturers from lawsuits concerning violence committed with weapons they made.
Shana has a daughter in a public school whose students take a national reading test each year. Shana strongly disagrees with the test’s methods and believes the test should either be replaced or eliminated.
President Alice Pieszecki divides the Department of Education into two bureaucratic agencies: the Department of K-12 Education and the Higher Education Agency. She hopes that by separating the department into two agencies, she can get the Higher Education Agency to work on addressing student loan debt.
“An unjust law is a code that a majority inflicts on a minority that is not binding on itself. This is difference made legal. On the other hand, a just law is a code that a majority compels a minority to follow, and that it is willing to follow itself. This is sameness made legal.”
“There is no position which depends on clearer principles, than that every act of a delegated authority, contrary to the tenor of the commission under which it is exercised, is void. No legislative act, therefore, contrary to the Constitution, can be valid.”
“And the closer the 2006 midterm elections got, the more nervous congressional Republicans could be expected to get. Republican leaders in the House of Representatives sought to have the Senate move first, not wanting to have their members go out on a limb with a series of potentially costly party-line roll call votes that would have no policy payoff if Republicans in the Senate decided not to move a bill because they did not have the votes needed to pass it.”
The majority party in the Senate wants to vote on a bill that would change requirements for granting citizenship, but a member of the minority party has the floor and continues to debate the bill.

Following an uptick in juvenile crime, Star City institutes a curfew that prohibits any person under the age of 18 from being in a public place without adult supervision between the hours of 9:00pm and 5:00am.
“The Constitution instructs all who act for the government that they may not ‘deny to any person . . . the equal protection of the laws.’ In implementing this equality instruction, as I see it, government decisionmakers may properly distinguish between policies of exclusion and inclusion. Actions designed to burden groups long denied full citizenship stature are not sensibly ranked with measures taken to hasten the day when entrenched discrimination and its after effects have been extirpated.”
In United States v. Morrison (2000), the Supreme Court struck down the part of the Violence Against Women Act that made gender-motivated violence a federal crime, as it was not related to the commerce clause.
“Energy in the Executive is a leading character in the definition of good government. It is essential to the protection of the community against foreign attacks; it is not less essential to the steady administration of the laws; to the protection of property against those irregular and high-handed combinations which sometimes interrupt the ordinary course of justice; to the security of liberty against the enterprises and assaults of ambition, of faction, and of anarchy . . .”

In 2010, Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which gave the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) more power to regulate and enforce securities laws. In response, the Securities and Exchange Commission created the Office of the Whistleblower, which is responsible for gathering information from people who know of a company committing securities fraud.
“The effects of a severe recession experienced are large when the individual is between the ages of 18 and 24 – the so-called formative age – during which social psychologists think most of social beliefs are formed; the effects are not so strong when the recession is experienced later in life . . . these effects are permanent because attitudes of recession-stricken individuals remain significantly altered many years after the severe recession ends.”
Congress member Chidi Anagonye has proposed an Agriculture Appropriations bill that would fund important agricultural food programs and food services. While the bill was in committee, Congress member Eleanor Shellstrop added an amendment to the bill that would send $250,000 to her district in Arizona for an Arizona Fried Shrimp Institute. She says she will only vote for the bill if it includes the funds for her district.
