Given an one-dimensional unsorted array A containing N integers.You are also given an integer B, find if there exists a pair of elements in the array whose difference is B.Return 1 if any such pair exists else return 0.

Given an array A of N non-negative numbers and you are also given non-negative number B.You need to find the number of subarrays in A having sum less than B. We may assume that there is no overflow.

Given an array A of positive integers,call a (contiguous,not necessarily distinct) subarray of A good if the number of different integers in that subarray is exactly B.Return the number of good subarrays of A.

You are given an integer array A containing N integers.You can remove atmost one subarray from it such that the remaining elements must occur atmost two times.Find the minimum size of the subarray you need to remove such that remaining elements must occur for atmost two times.

Given an array S of n integers, are there elements a, b, c in S such that a + b + c = 0? Find all unique triplets in the array which gives the sum of zero.

Your task is to remove all the duplicates and return a sorted array of distinct elements consisting of all distinct elements present in A.But, instead of returning an answer array, you have to rearrange the given array in-place such that it resembles what has been described above. Hence, return a single integer, the index(1-based) till which the answer array would reside in the given array A.

Find the intersection of two sorted arrays. OR in other words, Given 2 sorted arrays, find all the elements which occur in both the arrays.

Given a sorted array, remove the duplicates in place such that each element can appear atmost twice and return the new length.Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this in place with constant memory.

Given an array and a value, remove all the instances of that value in the array. Also return the number of elements left in the array after the operation.It does not matter what is left beyond the expected length.

Given an array with n objects colored red, white or blue, sort them so that objects of the same color are adjacent, with the colors in the order red, white and blue.Here, we will use the integers 0, 1, and 2 to represent the color red, white, and blue respectively.